---
layout: text-page
show_about: false
show_contact: false
title: Terms & Conditions - Open Health Data Platform
page_title: Terms & Conditions
---

## 1.0 Conditions of Use

Connected Digital Economy Catapult are not providers or licensors of
the project data and accept no liability for the availability,
accuracy and quality of the data. It is a condition of the use of the
portal that users comply with all applicable data protection
legislation.

## 1.1    The Connected Digital Economy Catapult website

The use of all pages on this website is subject to these terms and
conditions. Access to certain pages of the site, or of other The
Connected Digital Economy Catapult website sites linked from here, may
be restricted, may be restricted or subject to further conditions of
use as indicated.
 
## 1.2    Accuracy

The material available on this website is designed to provide general
information only.
 
We strive to ensure all information on our site is accurate and up to
date. However, the contents of the site are naturally subject to
change so we cannot always guarantee the accuracy of all information
on the site. You are responsible for checking the accuracy of relevant
facts and opinions given on the site before entering into any
commitment based upon them. The information provided on this site does
not constitute legal or other professional advice.
 
## 1.3    Service

Unfortunately we cannot guarantee that your use of this site will be
free from error and/or uninterrupted. We take no responsibility or
liability, so far as legally possible, for any damages including, but
not limited to:

indirect or consequential damages;

 - damages for loss of opportunity or chance;
 - any damages arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits,
   whether in action of contract, negligence or other tortious action,
   arising out of, or in connection with, any information on the site
   or any other websites or the use thereof.

## 1.4    Computer viruses

We have done our best to ensure this site is free from
viruses. However, we cannot always guarantee this. You are responsible
for installing adequate and up-to-date virus-checking software on your
computer.
 
We take no responsibility or liability, so far as legally possible,
for any viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed
to interrupt, restrict, destroy, limit the functionality of or
compromise the integrity of any computer software or hardware; or
telecommunications equipment or other material which may be
transmitted with or as part of the site.
 
## 1.5    Third party links

Please note that the The Connected Digital Economy Catapult website
cannot be held responsible for the contents of any pages referenced by
an external link.
 
## 1.6    Privacy Statement

The privacy statement contained in these pages covers the services
provided by The Connected Digital Economy website.
 
The Data Controller for this website is The Connected Digital Economy
Catapult. The purpose of the privacy statement is to inform users of
this website, which is managed by The Connected Digital Economy
Catapult website, about:

What information is collected about them when they visit this site
 - How this information is used
 - If this information is disclosed
 - The ways in which we protect users' privacy.

If this privacy policy changes in any way, we will place an updated
version on these pages. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you
are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and
under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties.
 
## 1.7    Information Confidentiality and Security

Any information you provide will be held securely and in accordance
with the Data Protection Act 1998.
 
Your personal details will not normally be disclosed to third
parties. In some circumstances however we may need to disclose your
personal details to a third party so that they can provide a service
you have requested, or fulfil a request for information.
 
Any information about you that we pass to a third party will be held
securely by that party, in accordance with the Data Protection Act
1998, and used only to provide the services or information you have
requested.
 
You have a right to request a copy of your personal details at any
time to check the accuracy of the information held. If you wish to do
this, please write to, or email the:
 
Connected Digital Economy Catapult

One Euston Square<br/>
40 Melton Street<br/>
London NW1 2F<br/>

Email: [info@cde.catapult.org.uk](mailto:info@cde.catapult.org.uk)
 
## 1.8    Information we collect from visitors

We may collect several kinds of information from visitors The
Connected Digital Economy Catapult website depending on the part of
the site being visited: feedback, email enquiries, email addresses,
site usage information and personal details such as your name and
postal details if you sign up for newsletters.
 
## 1.9    Feedback, comments and questions

If you send a comment or enquiry to The Connected Digital Economy
Catapult website, email us at: info@cde.catapult.org.uk. it may not
always be possible for us to provide the information requested
ourselves.
 
In such circumstances we may need to pass your enquiry to another
government department so that they can fulfill your information
request. In this instance we will respond to your enquiry initially
and notify you of the correct direction for you to pursue your
enquiry.
 
## 1.10    Newsletter and update services sign up

If you sign up to receive newsletter or updates we will use the
information you give us to provide the service(s) you have
requested. We may occasionally contact subscribers to help us evaluate
and improve the service that we offer.
 
If you have used an on-line form on the The Connected Digital Economy
Catapult website to sign up for an update or newsletter service, you
can correct, update or remove any personally identifiable information
directly, via our Contact form. If you sign up for a subscription
service, we will hold the information you have provided for as long as
you require access to the service requested. If you inform us that you
wish to cancel a subscription we will remove you from our mailing list
and your details will be deleted from our records.
 
## 1.11    Cookies

Please see our cookie information page for more information.
 
## 1.12    Log files

Log files allow us to record visitors' use of the site. The Connected
Digital Economy Catapult puts together log file information from all
our visitors, which we may use to make improvements to the layout of
the site and to the information in it, based on the way that visitors
move around it. Log files do not contain any personal information
about you.
